Add transport request to GPP (#3862)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/steps/transportRequestReqIDFromGit.md

With `transportRequestReqIDFromGit`  you can retrieve the transport request ID from the commit message of the Git repository of your project. This way, you can address the transport request without having to change the setup of your pipeline.
Please make sure that the ID is unique in the defined search range.

## General purpose pipeline Init Stage

> The step can also be configured via General purpose pipeline in Init stage using config.yml. The configuration will look as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The step can also be configured via General Purpose Pipeline in Init stage using the config.yml as follows:
```

```yaml
stages:
  Init:
    transportRequestReqIDFromGit: true

> ```

Reviewer 2: If step config exists for this step, above initialization is not needed in my opinion.

Reviewer: As this step can function without configuration, this is necessary, IMO.

> This will initialize the step within the Init stage of pipeline and retrieve transportRequestId from the git commit history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will initialize the step within the Init stage of the pipeline and retrieve the `transportRequestId` from the git commit history.
```
